Please come home, I have something
to tell you in a hurry,
Grandma, I don't like this,
Can I just not do this?
No,
The police officer will scold you,
Where are we going?
We're going to meet the woman
we talked about,
Do you mean the one with
the big eyes that hates me?
What are you talking about?
She doesn't hate you,
Will I be able to see Dad there?
He's at the hospital,
You need to behave there,
That way, she will like you,
I miss Dad,
I'll move out with Yeon Ju,
What? Hey,
I've thought over it,
You told me to choose one,
But I can't do that,
Both Yeon Ju and Han Gyul,,,
mean so much to me,
So what you're saying is,,,
you're going to split me from
my child and destroy my life,
But you're going to be happy
with both of them?
I'm sorry, I have no other choice,
Hey, Be quiet!
Follow me outside,
I can't do that, Father!
This won't change anything,
What? Follow me!
Let me go!
This isn't your life, It's my life,
You've ruined my life enough,
What more do you want from me?
Please, I beg you, Stay out of this,
I'm going to live my own life
from now on,
You jerk! How dare you!
Hard work is wasted,
The child has driven him crazy,
He's gone crazy,
You jerk,
Do you know how I raised you?
I put so much effort
into raising you!
I know what I mean to you,
I know that you treat me preciously
and that I'm your pride and hope,
If you know that,
how can you do this to me?
I'm doing this because I know,
Until now, I've been trying to
live up to your expectations,
But I don't want to do that anymore,
I feel so burdened,
Please let me go,
All right, All right,
Okay,
So you're saying you want to
live your own life?
But what it is
that you've decided to do?
I have tried to persuade you
over and over again,,,
even I was being embarrassed,
But you still didn't understand
what I mean?
Is disobeying your father,,,
and making your wife become,,,
an undutiful daughter the only thing
your clever brain could think of?
- Father,
- I don't want to hear anymore,
It's been decided that your mother
and I will raise Han Gyul,
It has been decided,
You can't say anything now,
And I can't let some like you,,,
raise a child,
I won't let you do that,
She's my child,
Be quiet!
Shut your mouth
and apologize to Mrs, Yang,
Go on, Go on,
If you are going to continue this,
do it at home,
The game is over here,
It's done, It's the end,
- Mrs, Yang, Mrs, Yang,
- Get out of my way,
He's too young, and that's why
he's making a mistake,
- Keep still,
- All right,
I'll tell you something
because I pity you,
Do you think Yeon Ju will even
listen to you if you tell her this?
You've only lived with her
for four years,
She has spent 10 months
inside my stomach,
and I've been raising her
for 30 years,
So I know everything
about my daughter,
I don't know where you came up
with an idea like that,
but Yeon Ju won't be able
to live without me,
She'll never leave,
That's how special
our relationship is,
Of course, You've gone through a lot
to raise your daughter,
And one more thing,
Yeon Ju can't live without money,
The minute you leave my house,
I'll stop all financial funding,
I'll use every connection I have to
make sure no bank helps you,
Mrs, Yang,
Gosh, you're going to have to,,,
live off your salaries,
Do you think you'll be able to
cover Yeon Ju's expenses?
Don't kid yourself,
Wake up,
Mrs, Yang, Mrs, Yang,
Mrs, Yang, Mrs, Yang, Mrs, Yang!
(Episode 17)
What? Move out?
What an ungrateful jerk,
How dare he get smart with me?
I can't believe this,
Goodness,
Mrs, Yang,
Please, You can't leave like this,
I'll apologize on his behalf,
Please forgive him,
Mrs, Yang,
I'll move Dr, Lee's stuff
out of my house tomorrow,
You did such a fine job
raising a wonderful son,
Mrs, Yang,
Darn it,
Oh, my goodness!
This is infuriating me,
I'm going to pull out the tongue
of whoever mentions the word,
"moving out" and throw it out
on the street,
I can't believe this, It was so
hard for me to conceive Yeon Ju,
When my nasty
mother-in-law passed away,
I fed my husband who didn't
have an ounce of energy,,,
the best herbal medicine and other
health supplements I could get,
It was a miracle that
I conceived Yeon Ju,
But he wants me to live in separate
houses with my precious daughter?
That jerk!
How dare he come up
with such an idea?
Goodness, that scumbag,
Ma'am, please calm down,
Shut your mouth! How could I calm
down in this state of affair?
Oh, Yeon Ju!
I love the scene of the autumn,
Why do you have flowers?
That's none of your business,
I'm going to give them as a present,
To whom? Are those for a guy?
It's a secret,
Look at that, What is he doing here?
He got fired,
What is he doing here?
But don't hate him so much,
We found out Joo Ae Ri was behind it
because he gave us the USB,
Hey, that's why he's
even more suspicious,
With what intention
did he give that to us?
I can't let this fly,
I must find out what he's plotting,
Let me go,
Hold on! Stop!
Mr, Kim Sung Tan,
what brings you here?
Weren't you fired along
with Chef No?
Well,
Chef Jung put in a good word for me,
So I got my job back,
Really?
Then will we be working
together from now on again?
I hope we'll be a good team,
Sure,
You'd better watch yourself,
Hey, you jerk!
Give back my plant!
You saw what he did, right, Ru Ri?
That's what he does,
He takes all of my stuff,
The other day, he took
the beverage box from me,
He even did my cleaning task,
What has he got against me?
Could it be,,,
Could it be what?
He's trying to steal my job,
isn't he?
Could it be that Sung Tan likes you?
What? There's no way,
He must have standards,
Hey! There's nothing wrong with you,
Look at his behavior,
He can't even look you in the eye,
He's doing everything because
he doesn't want you to get tired,
No, no, That's impossible,
Hey,
After Oh Mok Sin dumped me,
I learned about men,
I know my place now too,
The men who are nice to me,,,
are the ones trying to sell me
something like jade mats,
Jade mats?
If you think of Jung Tae Yang
as your successor,
it'd be a good idea to
make him see Ae Ri,
Did you want to see me, sir?
Hello,
I saw your proposal,
I thought pork neck steaks
were very innovative,
It's worth a try,
We'll invite managers
of every branch and hold a tasting,
And if we receive
good evaluations from them,
we plan on serving the new dish
at our branches,
Anyway, I'd like
to congratulate you,
And I apologize on behalf of Ae Ri,
Sir, how did you find out
what happened?
I know you covered it up
for my sake too,
I can't thank you enough,
Don't mention it, sir,
I have another favor,,,
to ask you,
Please,,,
make Ae Ri a decent human being,
She's a complete mess
as I failed to raise her right,
Her cooking skills need
improvement as well,
Please be her teacher, and
guide her to the right path,
Sir, I'm not qualified for,,,
This is a favor,,,
from a desperate father,
not the chairman of the company,
Please?
She needs a teacher
for her culinary skills to improve,
I will introduce her
a better chef than me,
Would that be okay with you?
Of course,
I will let you take the lead,
I'll leave everything up to you,
A last chance?
Keep this in mind,
Chairman Kevin didn't want to see
you, but I managed to persuade him,
You must win Jung Tae Yang's
approvals,
Earn his approvals either
professionally or personally,,,
to quell Chairman's disappointment,
Okay,
You're the only one who understands
my misery, Director Park,
Please help him ease his mind,
I beg of you,
Why does it have
to be Jung Tae Yang?
How am I going to win him over?
Chef Jung, Do you know
what day it is today?
It's been exactly a year since
the day we met on the train,
Your skirt is stuck,
- What happened?
- My gosh,
- Don't push me,
- What are you doing?
- It's not what you think!
- Stop it!
Oh, my goodness!
Ma'am, this is,,,
It's hot!
This is so hot,
It's burning hot,
What I see every day,,,
and what I eat every day
become new,,,
when I'm with you,
I hope you and I continue
to walk the same path,
I look forward to working with you,
Look at you, A handwritten
card won't blow him away,
I bought this for you,
Give this to Chef Jung,
so you can get lucky tonight,
Get lucky?
What's so special about it?
These flowers mean,,,
that you're going to give him
your everything,,,
including your soul and body,
Gosh, I can't believe this,
I know you like it,
- How am I going to give him that?
- I know you want to,
No, no, I don't want to,
What are you two laughing about?
It's nothing,
You heard the news, right?
After the mangers
of the branches evaluate,,,
Pork Neck Love Set,
we can serve it to the customers,
- This is amazing!
And if the sales go up
for the two weeks,
it will be on the menu permanently,
I'm confident we'll do great!
So am I!
Me too!
I don't need to introduce
Sung Tan to you, right?
Manager Joo isn't here yet,
Are we late?
No, we were about
to start the meeting,
Then I'd like to have
a word with you for a second,
(Manager Jung Tae Yang)
It's an order from Chairman Kevin,
I would like to apologize
to you, Manager Jung,
And,,,
Ms, Lee Ru Ri,
I'm really sorry,
I will start from the bottom,
Please don't hate me,
I'd appreciate your support,
I'm sorry,
That's fine,
Ms, Lee and I don't hold grudges,
Look forward to working with you,
Let's give it up!
Congratulations on your promotion,
Manager Jung,
Don't act up,
How did it go?
Everything was handled well,
Mr, Jung and the team members
accepted the offer generously,
Then can I expect more from Ae Ri
this time?
You should trust Mr, Jung,
He is talented,
and he has a great personality,
I agree, I think he's perfect
as Ae Ri's future husband,
He isn't dating anyone now,
If Ae Ri changes, it'd be possible,
It would be great
for the company too,
If that happens, I'd have achieved
something by coming to Korea,
Although the child I had expected
to see didn't exist,
I have at least got myself
a decent son-in-law,
I've been searching around
under your orders,,,
to find out why Go Jung Do
came to our company so often,
What's the reason?
He comes here with Jung Hwa Young,
They must know someone here,
You're right,
They have a family member
in our company,
A family member? Who is it?
Who is it?
Stop drinking, Father,
Let me go,
Others only wish they could get
married to a family like that,
But you wish to run away
from that house?
If you want to do that,
you need to bury
your drunk father first,
Why are you doing this?
Can't you try to understand me?
I don't care about that,
Just tell me,,,
you're going to take back
your words,
If you don't, I'll drink
all the alcohol here,,,
and die,
Are you really going to do this?
Yes,
Let's see who wins, You punk,
Hey, hey! Are you crazy?
Hey! Are you out of your mind?
You have a bad stomach,
You'll get sick,
Gosh, you're driving me crazy,
Let go of this, Let it go,
Spit it out, Spit it out,
So stop it!
Just leave me alone,
so that I can do what I want,
So Won! So Won! Gosh,
Gosh, So Won! So Won!
Gosh, So Won,
- Do you like it here?
- Yes, I like it,
Whose house is this?
Is this Dad's house?
I want to live here,
Dad, Grandma, Aunt, and Han Gyul
should live here,
You're here,
Hello,
I brought her here
because you told me to,
but I'm worried
that I'm being disrespectful,
No, it's all right, I wanted to see
her again, That's why I called you,
But still, there's the helper and,,,
Mom's not here, Don't worry,
All right,
You look ill,
Let's finish up quickly,
You wanted to talk to me
about something,
Wait, Han Gyul, there's
a flower over there,
Isn't it pretty? Go and look at it,
I don't know,
So Won wants to raise the child,
so I've tried to change my mind,
I wanted you to bring her because
I thought it could change my mind,
But I can't do it,
I thought I could do it,
but I'm not sure if I can,
I'm not sure if I can love her,
You can say that I am cruel,
I hate that I have to break off
with So Won because of her,
And when I think of her mom,
I hate the fact that she exists,
I'm sorry, Mother,
I don't think I can raise her,
I can't accept the fact that
she's So Won's child,
I couldn't have his child
despite all my efforts,
But why,,,
All right,
That's all right,
It's okay, I understand,
If you can't raise her,
I can do that for you, It's fine,
It's okay,
- Grandma,
- Yes?
I want to go to the bathroom,
Are you done?
Wash your hands,
Why do you wipe your hands
on your skirt?
Gosh, why do you wear
clothes like that?
Stand up properly,
Here,
Can you wrap it on my back?
Gosh,
Miss,
Do you hate me?
I'm sorry,
I'm so sorry,
Mrs, Yang is here,
Oh, my,
What brings you here?
I came here to meet Yeon Ju,
While your son threw
a bomb at me outside,
you're trying to convince
my daughter here?
Mrs, Yang, what are you
talking about?
Is this a scheme,,,
to convince us both?
Mrs, Yang,
I don't know why you're acting
like this, but you're overreacting,
I'm not overreacting,
It's not like we're in a war,
and yet you want to
separate me from my daughter?
We're not even in-laws anymore,
Just leave,
Mom,
Mom, what are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
Are you going to say
I was wrong now?
You brought the little girl,,,
to convince my daughter, right?
Gosh, I'll tell you
her response instead,
Whatever happens to this world,
Yeon Ju,,,
will stay next to me,
Gosh, What? Move out?
That'll never happen!
Move out?
So Won wants to move out from
the house with Yeon Ju?
Don't pretend like you don't know,
He wants to live with his daughter
and my daughter,
I will never allow that to happen,
I don't want to see her ever again,
Get her out of here!
Mom, did So Won really say
he wanted to move out with me?
Are you deaf?
What are you doing?
Kick them out of here,
and throw salt at them,
They're bad luck,
He's crazy, Gosh!
He's so thoughtless,
He doesn't know anything,
How dare he say,,,
not to interfere with his life,
I'm the reason
he's successful today,
Honey,
Is that true?
Where have you been with the child?
I'm already upset,
We were at that woman's house,
What? That woman?
An old lady who wore a hat
yelled at us,
"Are you deaf? What are you doing?"
"Kick them out of here,
and throw salt at them,"
- Stop it,
- What?
What is she talking about?
Did you go to Cheongdam-dong?
Yeon Ju wanted to see me,
so we went there,
But Mrs, Yang barged in,
Are you crazy? Are you
out of your mind?
She's already mad, You didn't
need to upset her more,
Why would you go there?
How dare you go
there with the child?
Han Gyul, it's okay,
Play in Ru Ri's room for a minute,
I can't believe this,
Please don't yell
when the child is around,
She's already scared after being
thrown out by Mrs, Yang,
Why did you take her there then?
I would have also been
really upset,,,
if I were Mrs, Yang and saw
the child,
Do you know what So Won said?
When Mrs, Yang asked him to choose
either Yeon Ju or his daughter,
he told her that they would live
separately from now on,
I heard that,
Who knows? That could be
a good idea,
Are you serious?
Living separately isn't
child's play,
Don't you know what Yeon Ju means
to Mrs, Yang?
It's like excluding,,,
So Won from my life,
Honey,
The children are already grown up,
If you try to grab a bird with
all your might because it's pretty,
it will die from suffocation,
They're old enough,
Just let them live their own lives
however they want to,,,
regardless of the results,
How could you say that?
Do you want to ruin
the lives of your children?
Don't you know
that So Won will be ruined,,,
the moment he leaves that house?
Mrs, Yang threatened him
right in front of him,
She said she would ruin his life
by taking away all the money,
Are you going to make him abandon
his child because of money?
What use is there living
in a castle-like house,,,
when you can't live at ease?
It's better to live without money,,,
than becoming a sinner from
abandoning his own child,
I'm begging you, Please,
Please let So Won do
the right thing, will you?
Wait a minute, Look at this,
It's because of you,
So Won was so obedient,,,
until a few days ago,
You're the reason,,,
he became so mad and disobedient,,,
overnight,
You made him do that, didn't you?
Did you make him decide to move out?
It was So Won's life,
So Won thought about it
and made his own decision,
I can't make him do that,
That's enough!
This is an order,
Don't say a word regarding
So Won from now on,
If So Won is thrown out
from that house,
I'm not going to see you ever again,
So don't say a word,
What are you planning to do?
I'm going to register
Han Gyul legally under my name,
so that So Won won't dare to do
something stupid,
Are you saying you're going to,,,
make So Won her brother
instead of her father?
It doesn't matter,
Don't move, Don't do anything,
I can't believe this,
Guess who?
Judging by your hands,
you must be the guard,
Stop,
Why are you here?
You said you were going to be late,
It's no fun being alone,
That's why there are rumors,,,
that I'm going out with
a little girl,
Really? That's good,
Then girls won't approach you,
I want to sew your mouth to stop
you from talking,
My back hurts,
My whole body hurts,,,
from crouching all day,
That's why I found,,,
a place to recharge yourself,
My whole body hurts,
Why did you bring me here?
It seems like old people are having
a get-together here,
Be quiet,
Welcome, How can I help you?
We want to give a bed
as a present for our mom,
Can we try the beds out?
Of course, Please come this way,
Okay, Come on,
You can operate the bed with this,
I know,
Okay,
Lie down,
We don't have the money to buy this,
Just lie down,
My whole body hurts,
That spot feels good,
You're like an old lady,
Oh, right,
Look at this,
Why did you take a photo of this?
I'm going to show this to Grandma,
Are you crazy?
I'm taking this away from you,
I already told you,
I'm going to find
Tae Yang's real father for him,
They work at the same company,
It's nonsense that he doesn't know,
Who can stop you?
Count me out, I have a bad feeling
about this,
I found out why Go Jung Do
keeps visiting our company,
He's the son of Choi Sun Young,
Come in,
Did you want to see me,
Chairman Kevin?
Please take a seat,
Okay,
I was about to go home,
What is this about?
Do you know Chef Go Jung Do?
I heard that he's your son,
How did you know that?
I told him,,,
that you wanted to recruit
him to our company,
Why isn't there any news about that?
Yes,
He's such a famous chef
and professor,
A lot of people want
him to work for them,
I think that's why it's hard
for him to move here,
I'm working on him, so don't worry,
Okay,
How old is Chef Go Jung Do?
He's 39 years old,
Then he must be married,
You're going to make me upset,
Please don't mention that to me,
He was tricked by a wicked woman
who is 10 years older than him,
He's even raising not 1,
but 2 children,,,
from her other husbands,
Oh, I see,
Then,,,
they're not married legally, right?
That's right,
Who is the real father
of the other two children?
What?
Why are you asking that?
Please excuse me,
I'm really interested in Chef Go,
Anyway, don't worry,
If he breaks up with that woman,
he can work for us right away,
I'll do my best,
I'll look forward to it,
Okay,
Chairman Kevin is really interested
in Jung Do,
We need to bring Jung Do in,,,
before Jung Tae Yang establishes
his position here,
Is there any news from the US?
The whereabouts of Jung Hwa Young's
first husband is unknown,
He must have moved to
another state,,,
or changed his name,
What about the criminal record
of Jung Hwa Young?
We will receive
information about that soon,
Tell them to hurry up,
I need to separate that woman
from Jung Do as soon as I can,
Yes, ma'am,
Hey, How did it go?
Did you reserve a steamy night
with Manager Jung?
Let alone a steamy night, I don't
think he even knows what today is,
That can't be true,
He was a complete romanticist
in Guam,
How could he ignore
your one year anniversary?
Really?
Is he pretending to not know
to tease me?
Give him that card and approach him,
People like us
have to approach first,
Hurry, Come on,
Are you leaving now?
What is it?
Do you want to talk to me?
No,
I just wanted to say good job today,
Sure, See you tomorrow,
I have an important plan,
so I'll go first,
Can you stop by at the SC's
main office on the way home?
Why?
Next week is the tasting
for all managers,
Come up with a theme in advance,
Do I have to do it today?
Hey,
Are you getting lazy already?
You're still an intern,
You have to work hard,
Don't slack off,
Bye,
How dare you!
He's making me work overtime
on our first anniversary,
Why do I always get crush alone?
Why do I always do this?
No, That's not true, I do that too,
Cross?
Why would you bite me?
It's a beautiful night, isn't it?
I'm probably the only one working
overtime on the first anniversary,
Right,
You've finally gone crazy,
I'll work overtime with you instead,
For friendship,
- For friendship,
- Cross,
Hey, that's Manager Jung,
What's he doing there?
You must be happy,
He's waiting to surprise you,
- Bye now, Myung Rang,
- Bye,
Hey, wait,
I think you're mistaken,
What's going on right now, Ru Ri?
He said he has an important plan,
Is he cheating on you
with Joo Ae Ri?
My goodness,
Did you hear from the director
where we're going?
I heard we're going to your house,
I have to say I was surprised
to hear,,,
that you'll even teach me
how to cook,
Thank you for your help,
You should thank someone else,
Who?
You'll find out,
(SC main office)
Jung Tae Yang speaking,
Reservation confirmation?
Yes, at 8pm,
Yes, with a cake,
Do you know Intern Lee Ru Ri?
She'll arrive soon,
Please show her to the seat,
Thank you,
Are you having dinner
with Lee Ru Ri?
Yes,
Are you,,,
going out with her?
Let's not talk about
my personal life,
I'm sorry, I'm worried you'll be
late because of me,
He said he will move out,
He'll abandon your old mother
and take you with him,
I'm so upset that
I'm even trembling,
Do you want to take foot bath
to calm down?
There's already fire inside me,
I'll burn if I put my feet
in hot water,
Are you okay, Mom?
Absolutely not,
He's mistaken you for a big time,
Yeon Ju, I can never
live without you,
Don't you feel the same way?
Is that why you're upset?
Because So Won said
he'll take me with him?
You didn't say it correctly,
I'm not upset, I'm offended,
He couldn't have got all this
without me,
How could he stab me in the back?
It's still a relief,
He wouldn't have said it
unless he loves me,
How could you say that, you wench?
If he loves you,
he should leave his child,
He's clearly challenging you and me,
He loves his child more than you,
so he's testing us
even taking a risk to divorce,
So what are you going to do?
What do you mean?
I'm going to kick him out tomorrow,
Who does he think he is to get in
between us?
We're not just an ordinary
mother and daughter,
You are me, and I'm you,
We're one in body and soul,
Right, baby girl?
Of course,
You're the one I love the most
in the whole world,
Yes, Yes,
I don't care about anything else,
Nothing good happened
ever since he moved in,
Let's just think we were
in a muddy puddle,,,
and forget about it,
I'll always be on your side,
I'm going to live long for you,
My poor baby,
You're the only one I need, and
the same goes for you,
My poor baby,
Adoption?
Yes, That's the best way,
It deletes the trace of the parent
who gave birth,
It disconnects them completely,
That's exactly what I want,
Change her first and last name,
so that she becomes my own daughter
who doesn't have anything to do,,,
with So Won,
- Her mother's in prison?
- Yes,
First, get a consent that she will
give up the parental right,,,
- and custody,
- Don't worry about that,
Her mom told us this clearly,
She told us to take care of
everything since she's our family,
Does she become my daughter
as soon as I apply?
You get rejected sometimes,
Your son's capable of
raising his daughter,,,
that it's not reasonable for her to
go under grandfather,
What are you talking about?
So Won's not capable of raising her,
He'll get divorced as soon as
he takes the kid with him,
so I must raise her,
It doesn't matter how much it costs,
Hurry up on the adoption, please,
What are you doing, Han Gyul?
It's okay, Show me,
Let me see how good your drawing is,
- No one else can see it,
- Sure,
Here,
Who is this?
It's Dad, My dad,
I see,
You did a good job,
Is Dad coming home today?
I'm not sure,
I don't know that either,
I wish he does,
Why do you like your dad so much?
Because he's my dad,
(Doctor Job)
Oh, hi, How did it go?
Yes, The pay doctor,
I was a wealthy doctor once,
but it turned out that way,
Suwon?
That's the only place?
Yes, I'm in a rush,
Set me up for an interview, please,
I'll call you back later,
What are you doing here?
Are you seriously asking me that?
Let's sit down first,
Did you really mean
what you said to my mom?
Yes,
Moving out is the best thing I can
think of right now,
The best way to protect
you and my child,
That's only the best way for you,
but not for me,
Did you think I really meant it
when I said I'll move out?
I can't abandon my mom,
I can't live without her,
As much as your daughter means
to you, so does my mom,
You're telling me to abandon my mom
and move out?
How can you be so selfish
and shameless?
You don't have to cut your mom off
completely by moving out,
When she sees us living happy
on our own,
she'll forgive us one day,,,
You don't know my mom,
Once she says no, it's a no forever,
Once I choose you,
she's no longer my mom,
That's not all, She'll be 70 soon,
She's taking medicine for her heart,
What if something bad
happens to her?
Can't you understand why
I said that?
It's really hard for me too,
Can't you try to understand me
and stop being selfish?
I'm here because I understand you,
How will we live without her help?
She's going to throw us out
without a penny,
How will we survive?
I'm confident,
I won't let you and Han Gyul starve,
I'm going to sell that room
and rent a house,
I can work as a doctor
at a friend's hospital,
I can open my own office
after 2 or 3 years of hard work,
Do you want me to bargain
the cost of groceries,,,
and take public transportation?
I live in a 500m house,
and yet, you want me to live,,,
in a rented house
and have a hard time?
People all live like that,
Why can't we live like that?
Honestly, it's better to live
in a rented house,,,
than have a hard time
while living with your mother,
As you said before,
if you really love me,
please just follow what I say,
I'll do my best to you,
Please, Let's move out,
Yeon Ju,
Let's get a divorce,,,
if you really want to move out,
Are you,,,
serious?
Yes, I'm serious,
Yeon Ju,
Yeon Ju!
I can't send you like this,
What will you do then?
I've never told you this before,
have I?
Yeon Ju, I love you,
Let's,,,
not break up,
- I brought the kids,
- You're home,
Why is the kitchen so shiny?
You even arranged flowers,
Why did you clean
in the middle of the night?
An important guest is coming,
Who's coming when it's so late?
A woman,
- A woman?
What are you talking about? Why
would a woman visit here so late?
Dad,
Are you having an affair?
Tae Yang is having an affair,
not me,
He's finally bringing
his girlfriend here,
Is he bringing that funny lady?
Yes, he's finally introducing
her properly to us,
- Gosh,
Why is he bringing her so suddenly?
He was hiding her from us,
Is this your house?
Yes,
Wait a minute,
I want to leave
a good impression to your family,
Let me make this clear,
We're here for work,
The beginning might be for work,
but things will end according
to my will,
- I'm home,
- He's here,
Hello,
I want you to meet my mom,
Welcome, I heard
a lot about you from Tae Yang,
Sorry?
I see,
I'm the youngest, Eun Byul,
I'm Woo Joo,
Your makeup is amazing,
You know the makeup trend
of this fall,
The color of your lipstick is
especially amazing,
This is Chef Go Jung Do, who will
teach you how to cook from now on,
Welcome, let's do our best,
I'm Joo Ae Ri, I'll do my best,
Please start the lesson,
I have to go meet someone,
You can't leave me here alone,
I came here with you
because it's the first day,
Come by yourself from next time,
- Welcome,
- Gosh,
Hurry,
This doesn't feel right,
- Welcome,
- Oh, my,
What are we going to do?
Don't mind her,
This isn't right,
We're from the Menu Research and
Development Team for the tasting,
Are you the Intern Lee Ru Ri?
Let me show you to a reserved seat,
A reserved seat?
We didn't make a reservation,
Manager Jung did,
He didn't mention that,
There must be a mistake,
Don't you understand?
He didn't tell to surprise you,
Manager Jung is so romantic,
Really?
Please follow me,
Ru Ri, I'm going to leave,
I hope you have a good time tonight,
Myung Rang,
have dinner with us before you go,
That's okay, I don't want to feel
uncomfortable,
I didn't mean it, Just leave,
You're making me mad,
I'm jealous, I hope
you have a good time,
Please take good care of her,
Okay,
You must be surprised because
I asked you to come so suddenly,
I only had time tonight,
You must feel awkward
because Tae Yang's not here,
It's okay, I understand
since he's busy with work,
You're even kind,
Let's take a test
to see how skilled you are,
I'll wash my hands before that,
Wait,
is Ru RI the girlfriend of
Jung Tae Yang?
That won't do,
Jung Tae Yang will be
mine from now on,
Do you know Intern Lee Ru Ri?
She'll arrive soon,
Please show her to the seat,
Is this the main office?
I'm calling you because of
Manager Jung's request,
Please cancel today's reservation,
and tell Lee Ru Ri,,,
that he can't go because he's with
a very important person,
I hope you have a good time tonight,
Ms, Lee?
I just got a call from Manager Jung,
When will he arrive?
He can't come because he's with
a very important person,
A very important person?
I have an important plan,
I guess he can't make a call because
they're having a good time,
Manager Jung,
- Is my guest still waiting?
- She just left,
What are you talking about?
Excuse me,
Chef Jung, Do you know
what day it is today?
It's been exactly a year since
the day we met on the train,
I guess he's sorry,
He keeps playing push and pull,
No, thank you,
I'll leave you two alone,
Have fun with Joo Ae Ri,
The number you have dialed
is unavailable,
Why isn't she picking up?
I haven't eaten anything when it's
our first anniversary,
That looks good,
Eating is the best way
to relieve stress,
- Hello,
- What would you like?
Please give me two servings of
tteokbokki, sundae,
and the fishcake bar,
The number you have dialed
is unavailable,
This is weird,
It's our first anniversary,
but she's not answering,
What did you think of her?
Did you like her?
Tae Yang's pretty picky
because he takes after you,
She was nice and pretty, I like her,
I know, right? She was polite too,
I like her too,
If she goes light on her makeup,
she'll be beautiful,
I don't like her,
I have a bad feeling about her,
You always get jealous
when someone's prettier than you,
That's not it,
Women know women better,
I can tell she's a total succubus,
That's enough,
She's the first girlfriend
Tae Yang brought home,
We should support him, okay?
She didn't mind even
when he left her alone,
She looked really nice,
Nice, my foot, She had
a wicked look,
The number you have dialed,,,
is unavailable, Please leave
a message,,,
Why isn't she picking up?
Is she in trouble?
Myung Rang, I'm at Ru Ri's house,,,
because I couldn't get
ahold of Ru Ri,
She's here, Bye,
Hey, Lee Ru Ri,
What happened?
Why didn't you pick up?
What's wrong?
What are you doing here?
You said you can't come because
you're with an important person,
When did I say that?
You're denying that?
I saw everything,
I saw you leaving with Joo Ae Ri
in front of the company,
Are you laughing now?
Why is she so important?
Do you like her or something?
What do you like about her?
Do you like her because
she's the chairman's daughter?
Or is it because she's pretty, fit,
and has pale skin?
I didn't know you were that kind
of a guy,
How could you,,,
All men are same,
When a woman has a pale skin,
beautiful,
and smiles while being sweet,
- they think they like,,,
- "What I see every day,,,"
"and what I eat every day
become new,,,"
"when I'm with you,"
Is it true?
New, my foot,
Here,
What's this?
Your horoscope necklace, Capricorn,
You remembered by birthday?
Of course,
You even colored it red
on the company calendar,
It's so beautiful,
Lee Ru Ri, Since it's been a year,
listen carefully to what I say,
I won't say it twice,
No matter what happens, you don't
need to worry about other women,
I don't like women who are
pretty, fit,
and have pale skin,
Someone who's less pretty like you,
less fit and dark skin,,,
I like you so much,,,
That's not enough,
I think I love,,,
I love,,,
- What are you doing?
- Pardon?
I was in the middle of
something very important,
What were you saying?
I can't get it,
Do you like it that much?
Yes, I never got anything
from a man before,
Come here, I'll do it for you,
Done,
How do I look? Is it pretty?
Gosh, how beautiful,
I mean that necklace,
Seriously,
Thank you for remembering
the first anniversary,
Thank you for filling one year
of my life,
Thank you in advance for the future,
Okay,
Yes, I'm in the studio,
Why won't you come home?
Mother would feel uncomfortable
if I were there,
I'll stay here for a while,
Call me when you make up your mind,
I can't believe how mean you are,
Yeon Ju,
Darn it,
You know I don't like having flour
for breakfast,
It's what Han Gyul wants,
Hey, Han Gyul,
You must have rice for breakfast,
Koreans need the rice power,
What is the rice power?
You don't know what rice power is?
This is what rice power is,
Reliable like this,
In other words, a source of power,
Why are you packing side dishes?
Who are they for?
It's for So Won, He probably
didn't go home,,,
after all that mess because it'd
have been uncomfortable,
Why did you make him say that
in the first place?
I applied for adoption of Han Gyul,
Don't ever instigate him again,
Honey, How could you,,,
Yes, Yeon Ju, Hi, What's going on?
Okay, I'll meet you there,
Do you have to see her?
I can't forgive her,
I'm so upset and angry,,,
that I want to talk to her about it,
Yes, I get it, I get how you feel,
But she won't get it,
She'll only humiliate you
if you see her,
I'm here to make the final decision,
so don't try to stop me,
What do you mean
by the final decision?
Inmate 601, A visit,
Ms, Ha Yeon Ju?
I don't know you,
Who are you?
I'm Lee So Won's wife,
Since you're talking down,
I'll talk down too,
You're just as I imagined,
I was always curious about,,,
how the rich daughter
So Won chose for money,,,
would look like,
Having money must be nice,
So Won married you even though
you're not his type,
Same goes for you,
I also wanted to see,,,
how shameless you must be to
dump your child to someone else,
I can tell you're more than
capable of doing that,
seeing how rude you are,
I'm sure you're not here
to check that,
Are you here to check,,,
how deep my relationship was
with So Won?
So? How deep was it?
Are you ready to hear it?
Sure,
Tell me in detail,
Did you know we met each other
while we were in college?
He was the hottest guy
in our college,
Girls even joined the volunteer
service,,,
to see him and follow him around,
Were you one of them?
Not at all,
I was already busy with my life,
I wasn't interested in him,
But the funny thing is,,,
he fell in love with me
at a first sight,
and begged me to date him,,,
for a year,
So you dated him for his effort?
I heard it's the other way around
for you,
I heard,,,
you tried so hard to marry him,
An apartment and a hospital,
My goodness,
Talk about yourself,
I know my story better than you do,
I'm sorry if it offended you,
It's all in the past anyway,
But it comes to my mind
from time to time,
The future So Won and I dreamed of,
Sleeping together every night
after we get married,
Waking up together in the morning,
Giving birth to a child
who resembles both me and him,
Right, I accomplished one of them,
I gave birth to a child
that resembles him,
Have you seen Han Gyul?
She looks just like him,
Her eyes, nose and even her lips,
Isn't it amazing?
Oh, right, Do you have a child?
You probably do since you've been
married for four years,
Should I say sorry for making
a step-sister of your child?
There's no need,
I can't get pregnant,
Do you want to know why I'm here?
It's because I can't decide whether
I should accept your child or not,
I thought you'd be at least sorry
if you're a mother,
and that's the way it should be,
So you're saying that you can't
raise Han Gyul,,,
now you've met me?
I feel pity for you,
I never knew you even existed,
I feel sad that you repelled me
when you don't even know me,
It's so sad that I even feel sorry,
What are you trying to say?
Are you going to raise my child
or what?
Promise me one thing
as a mother to mother,
Whatever happens in the future,
you'll never get near So Won
and Han Gyul,
If you're going to play dirty
after you're released,
I'm not going to raise your child,
What? Can't you promise me on that?
I get it then,
Your daughter has nothing to do
with me from now on,
Wait,
Everything's up to you,
Fine, I beg you,
Please raise her as your daughter,
Raise her with love like your own,
so that she won't even remember,,,
that I was,,,
her mother once,
Then if I ever play dirty later,
Han Gyul,,,
will be your child,
Please do that,
I beg you,
I beg you, Please,
Hey,
How did it go, Yeon Ju?
Did you cry?
Gosh, I told you,
I told you that witch,,,
isn't worth meeting because she's
way below your level,
I don't know what to do,
I can't abandon my mom or So Won,
Let me ask you for one last time,
Do you love So Won
from the bottom of your heart?
Of course,
Are you willing to do anything
to live with him?
Yes, Of course,
Good, There's nothing
you can't do now,
From now on,
you'll be a mother,
A mother?
What do you mean?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
I like you as a son-in-law,
What do you think of Ae Ri?
I went to Tae Yang's home last night
and met his parents,
His mother is beautiful,
Attempted murder?
My son is living with a woman
who is a criminal?
Did you order correctly?
When will Lee Ru Ri
become a full-time employee?
You should delay it a little,
I'm sorry, Mom,
I'm pregnant, I'm four weeks in,
What is the chairman doing here?
He doesn't even know
his son's alive,
Tell me, What is the truth?
Show me my son,